---
title: Girls' Soccer
date: 2017-11-12 17:00:00
author: Lena Treiber
categories: recap
layout: recap
---

This fall, Girls’ Varsity Soccer continued their upward trajectory. Although they fell in quarterfinals again this year, they went undefeated in the regular season, finishing with a 10-0 record. They won their first two playoff games against Truman and Townsend Harris 10-0 and 6-1, respectively. In addition, Hunter defeated Bronx Science 6-1 in a non-league game and participated in the PSAL Breast Cancer Awareness Tournament. The team’s success was a result of the combined efforts of both veteran and younger players. Captains Rachel Bondy (12), Lena Treiber (12) and Gabriela Mernin (12) led the team from center-back, center-midfield, and forward, respectively. Bondy worked with junior Elisha Beh to control the defense. Treiber and freshman Flora Lange helped on both defense and offense as center-midfielders. Treiber had 13 assists on the season and Lange and Mernin were scoring powerhouses, with 24 and 25 goals, respectively, earning Mernin a spot on the PSAL Mayor’s Cup team. In her first year on the team, sophomore Emily Dakov made crucial defensive plays and initiated counter-attacks from outside-back. Seniors Isabella Sloves and Maria Staack added experience and aggression from both outside-back and outside-midfield. Alexandra Chau (12) kept the team composed from the wing. Coming off of an injury that kept her out for the majority of the 2016 season, junior Mia Manabat was better than ever, facilitating give-and-go’s and shutting down the strongest forwards with ease. Unfortunately, sophomore Ainsley Woods suffered a concussion and was out for several games, but she was an essential force to the attack at the beginning and end of the season, tallying eight goals and five assists in just five games. Christina Crockett (11) and Chloe Rollock (9) split time in goal and each made essential saves and offered helpful leadership. After a two-year hiatus, senior Emma Seitz was back and better than ever, scoring 12 goals and delivering smart passes up top. The team was stacked with promising freshmen and sophomores, including Alex Glogoff (9), who was dominant on the wing and when filling in in the center. Sophomore Mia McClure stepped up as a forward, scoring twice, and showing that the team will continue to have several goal-scoring players next year. While the Hawks will lose a number of stars, the promise and potential of the younger players is sure to mean continued victory and hopefully a City Championship in the near future.
