---
author: Lizzy Wagman
date: 2017-11-11 17:00:00
layout: recap
categories: recap
title: Girls' Golf
---
Congratulations to Girls’ Varsity Golf on yet another outstanding season! Led by senior captain Rebecca Chan and junior captain Lizzy Wagman, Hunter Hawks have taken home another city championship trophy.  With two city championships under their belts, the members of Girls’ Varsity Golf could not have had a better season. After having an undefeated regular season and being seeded 1st for the playoffs, all six of the starting players put up amazing scores at the Individual New York City Championships, sweeping the top three finishes in the city. Chan (12) shot 79 and placed first, Wagman (11) shot 85 and placed 2nd, and promising sophomore Samantha Chen placed third, with a score of 89. After a finish like that, the Hawks was the team to look out for during playoffs. All of the members of the team provided the necessary support to win all matches. The key players in the 4th and 5th spots on the team were filled by Annabel  Lee (10) and Jessica Jung (10). Without their wins, the team would have never been able to make it to the city championships. In a final battle against the 2nd ranked team in the city, Tottenville High School, Hunter Hawks managed to fight through the cold and bring home the 1st place trophy, winning 3-2 at the beautiful and challenging St. Andrews Golf Course. Although we are losing our #1 player fall of next year, Hunter golf is still a force to be reckoned with. Alice La (10) and Nicole Kim (9), played in the alternate spots this year, and will provide us with the points we need to make it to the city finals next year! Additionally, sophomore Alice Zheng, and freshman Jordana Barnett showed a lot of improvement this past fall, and will continue to support and add to the team’s victories. Once again, congratulations to Girls’ Varsity Golf for an unforgettable season! Go Hawks!
