---
author: Luca Wernick
date: 2017-11-19 17:00:00
layout: recap
categories: recap
title: Boys' Soccer
---

This year, the Boys’ Varsity Soccer had their hearts broken in the first round of the playoffs. However, they enjoyed an exquisite regular season. They finished with a 6-3-1 record, with huge rivalry wins against Laguardia and Eleanor Roosevelt. Along with the new coaching staff of Noah Kaminsky and Matthew Edelman, Boys’ Soccer fielded a team with many new faces. Coach Kaminsky’s Hawks saw numerous lowerclassmen find themselves in the starting lineup throughout the season. Owen Nuckolls (10), Matthew Akuzawa (10), and Eric Freitag (10) all saw time on the pitch due to their offensive prowess. Nuckolls led this group with 3 goals on the season, however Freitag and Akuzawa’s playmaking and overall presence did not go unnoticed. Fellow sophomores Lilian Giret, Ben Hammond, and Theo Servedio also are poised to become integral members of the soccer program going forward, as they showed tremendous effort and physicality for the duration of the year. This solid core of sophomores was complemented with a sharp group of juniors. The duo of Michael (Oege) Ning (11) and Ian Shen-Costello (11) anchored down the defensive unit. Both moved around the formation as the year progressed, but their contributions were crucial to the success of the team. This strength of the defense was matched on the offensive the field with the trio of Mateusz Osieki (11), Luca Wernick (11), and Zaul Tavangar (11). Tallying 4, 5, and 1 goals respectively, they commanded the pitch with energy, tactical play, and finesse. The team however, relied most heavily on its seniors. They only had 7 seniors, but their leadership and effects on/off the field was instrumental in their 2nd place finish in the division. The team owes a big thanks to captains: Thomas Schmitt (12), Nicholas Servedio (12), and Gilad Avrahami (12). Schmitt was the rock of this team and gave each game his all, providing effort, incredible passing, and ball control. Servidio also gave each game 110% as he bolstered down the defensive front. Avrahami stood tall in net each and every game, racking up 50 saves in 8 matches played. Their fellow seniors Alex Fox, Duncan Stuard, Josh Turner, and Jack Eschmann also had a tremendous impact. This group of midfielders and defenders were staples to this team and will be missed. The future’s still bright for this team, and they are looking to do great things in the coming years.
