---
layout: recap
author: Matthew Friedman
categories: recap
title: Boys' Badminton
---

The Shuttlehawks soared high once again this year, dominating the North Division to the tune of a 9-1 record during the regular season and the /#5 seed in the city playoffs. Under the fantastic tutelage of coach Elizabeth Fox, the team captured an impressive 3-2 victory over division rival Bronx Science in the first round of the playoffs and fought valiantly before falling 3-2 in heartbreaking fashion in the second round to Brooklyn Tech. Senior Brendan Shao, the team’s captain and first singles player, went 23-6 in the regular season, losing only three games all season long. Fellow seniors Brendon Choy, Oung Kant, Stanley Wong, and Harry Wu also dominated, as the team won 41 games while only dropping 9. Wu’s phenomenal year included a clutch defeat of a nationally ranked player, while Kant and junior Ricky Lee, together the Shuttlehawks’ first doubles duo, found great chemistry as the season went on, securing key victories in both playoff games. Lee, a devoted member of the team since freshman year, will surely be a fabulous leader on the team next season. Juniors Corban Chiu and Owen Pang both rotated through different roles throughout the year, working diligently to help the team whenever possible; they will also step into leadership roles following the departure of this year’s seniors. Sophomores Virendra Jewram and Eric Luo, who made up the second doubles team for much of this season, will step up next year as well. “So many of the younger termers have improved so much over the past two years, and though they may not see it themselves, their efforts have not gone unnoticed,” Shao told us for his recent senior profile. The Shuttlehawks will continue to battle, practicing hard in the offseason for revenge next fall and searching for that elusive city championship.
