---
layout: sp
categories: sp
date: 2017-10-15 17:00:00
title: Sean Ma
---

##### Boys’ Varsity Fencing

Senior Sean Ma is entering his fourth and final year on Hunter’s Boys’ Varsity Fencing team. Ma has been the team’s captain since his junior year, a year in which Ma finished second in the city in touches with a tremendous 176 touches. Ma hasn’t always been the monster that he is. Ma started as a freshman who only fenced in 2 matches for 2 wins and 10 touches, far from a prodigy. He did however win that year’s novice tournament, and has only gotten better year by year, evolving into the fencer he is today.

**Athletic Association: When did you start fencing? What made you want to join?**

**Sean Ma:** I started fencing in the beginning of 7th grade. I was interested because I thought fighting with swords would be a fun thing to do.

**AA: Who was your biggest mentor throughout your Hunter career?**

**SM:** All of the upperclassmen on the team when I first joined were really helpful. Cheyenne Hua, the captain of the Girls' Varsity Fencing team at the time, was my most important mentor. Aside from being an excellent fencer, she was also a great teacher and captain. After every bout, she would explain my mistakes and answer any questions I had.

**AA: What did it feel like to be second in the city in touches?**

**SM:** Honestly, it felt pretty frustrating to have only been eight touches away from getting first place. Looking back there were many bouts where I could have fenced better.

**AA: What is your funniest story from fencing?**

**SM:** Last year, we were tied 38-38 going into the last bout with Beacon High School for epee. Camron Daniel, who has now graduated, was anchoring. The bout was shortened from the normal three minutes into a two minute bout with priority, which meant that one team would win automatically when time was over. We had lost the coin flip for priority, and time was running out. Camron had pushed his opponent to the end of the strip, but was not able to land a touch after several tries. At the last second, his opponent did a customary salute and walk back to signify the end of the bout, assuming that he had won. However, he accidentally walked off the end of the strip. Beacon was penalized by one touch, so we won the meet because of a last second accident.

**AA: What are your goals for the team and yourself?**

**SM:** This year, my primary goal is to lead the team to 1st place at playoffs. Last year, we were actually only one or two touches away from winning. For both foil and epee, we were eliminated at the semi-finals, with scores of 45-44. As for a personal goal, I want to learn to be able to perform better under the pressure of high-stakes bouts.
