---
layout: sp
title: Helen Lu
author: Danielle Mullan
date: 2017-11-06 17:00:00
categories: sp
---

##### Girls' Varsity Swimming

Helen Lu has been a critical member of the Girls’ Varsity Swim team over the past four years and served as captain during her junior and senior years. She has been a staple sprinter on the team, specializing in 50 and 100 meter races, consistently hitting her best times. She finished this season, like most, with very impressive stats and led the team to a lengthy playoff run as well as impressive showings in the PSAL A Championships. Lu has had an incredible four seasons with the team and will be leaving behind a lasting legacy.

**Athletic Association: Why and when did you start swimming?**

**Helen Lu:** I began taking swimming lessons from around age 3 before being recruited by a local swimming team (Go Tri-M!) when I was 8 years old. A year later I joined a club swimming team and have been a competitive swimmer ever since. I think I began the swimming lessons because my parents believed it was an essential life skill to have, and once I joined a team I just fell in love with the sport.

**AA: What is your favorite aspect of the sport?**

**HL:** I love how swimming is the perfect balance between being an individual and a team sport. At practice we train together as a team but everyone has the opportunity to focus on improving her own technique and times. This allows me to really challenge myself and push myself to be the best that I can be. At competitions, most of the events are individual, so we strive to hit our personal best times. But training as a team also builds a really strong and supportive community, and that’s exemplified by the cheering and teamwork that takes place at our meets. By focusing on improving myself I am contributing to the team, either by gaining more points at meets or making my relay even faster.

**AA: What has been your favorite memory from your time on the team?**

**HL:** There are just so many wonderful memories—I love all the moments at competitions when we are all screaming our lungs out, trying to motivate a teammate to just pull a little harder, kick a little faster, take one less breath, in order to out-touch her opponent in a close race. But one distinct memory I have is last year’s PSAL A Championships. My relay was seeded (predicted to be) last in the heat (and thus were in the side lane) but we ended up being outside smoke (finishing first in a side lane). Even though we didn’t get a medal (because we weren’t in the fastest heat of Finals), it was such an amazing rush to pull that unexpected win with my teammates.

**AA: What have you learned about being a captain from your two seasons of experience?**

**HL:** In addition to learning how much work really goes into a captainship, from organizing transportation and luncheons to devising strategic lineups, I think I’ve grown to appreciate the impartiality and humility that captains are expected to have. I’ve learned to think with the mindset of putting the team first, whether it’s by stepping up to swim an event no one else wants to do (500 Free!) or by stepping down from a relay to put in a teammate I know would perform better than I would.  

**AA: What will you miss the most about the team?**

**HL:** This is going to sound super cheesy, but my teammates. I think I’m going to miss arriving at Hunter College at 6:20 AM every morning, jumping into the freezing pool, venting about hard sets, and rushing to get to school. I’m probably going to miss our team lunches and dinners, Coach Gaudenzi’s pre-swim motivational speeches, and our tired but proud bus rides back to school after winning away meets. And I’m definitely going to miss our post-meet team meetings, cheering as we highlight outstanding performances of the day, regardless of whether or not we won the meet. I can’t imagine what swimming would be like without my amazing teammates with me.
